all right now we're prepping to make the
fondant over the cake where we had it
we had a sheet cake pan how because if
she children it was 12 by 18 and we put
in half and what I did is one of the
have that split in half and I put shrub
a filling and buttercream and then I put
the top one and if a buttercream on top
of that and then I put the other half
but that's all that into sheet cake on
top and we force it as a whole because
we don't have much room we need a lot of
face to roll out the fondant we're using
this table and what she has on his
handle all it is is confection sugar he
bad through a little bit of water with a
rag and water to make about it and keep
dropping on down on my skin carpet
that's garbage
but that's the black line she's a little
out to go on top of the PlayStation cake
make sure you put on gloves and she
realizes you don't have any so she's
going to put some one news about this is
a five-pound fondant use about 3/4 of it
that's what the left of it if you need
more she could always on come back for
it now if it's too hard what you're
gonna have to do is microwave it for
about 30 seconds each she is two seconds
I'm back see how soft it is it's not
soft enough for the back in another two
seconds if it is and you're good and
what you're gonna do make sure you keep
it covered somebody's hard really bad
and to start with the rolling out of the
fun not and then me what's called a
rolling pin
so first mush it get used to it you can
put some confection sugar over this push
it out push it out and we'll come back
after you start rolling
now the wrong hands open it requires a
little bit of arm that's is all a big ol
I would roll out like Plato's blade away
putting over my she cake of course she
came and you have to get thin it can be
thick thing that clearly it's too thick
so she have to keep rolling up you tryna
come back to sugar heat rolling up
ruling this yeah this is going to take a
long please note that this is the
PlayStation Kate we had frosted it and
I'm make sure you put it in the
refrigerator for some time because you
need the frosting to harden and not be
issues when you put the font dot on it's
nice and smooth so make sure there are
no imperfections because there's any
imperfections it will show on the
fondant cake right here is going to be
with a CD opening is like power and the
eject button and this is the cake that
we're going to put these on not over
good try to cake the cake
doesn't let her hang on before okay I
got nothing with that I 98 I got it
facing foil put a little bit here with
me white goes with a lot of burden
so later we don't need to pour this one
the front that has to go over the whole
cane I'll see where that cuts before
half so any find out that went over it
it won't include the port or just
through the cake I'll come back when she
right up at the funnel
let me was receiving the bar that one
hole denied go what was you eventually
get on it sure it was like a bat you're
pretty much ready biz in there
what you do is push it into with the
cake cut out all the excess make sure
don't forget you have a CD play it one
off button here and you'd have to work
on that and then hey sure water that I
have almost it there go a five months
moving tools that you have in the Haight
which I'm sure you will have as well I
want to pick one up at Michael's old
Walmart and not kind of n dot yet we're
just moving it out and once everything
is cleared out we'll cut the edges and
maybe